Add Building Microservices architecture with ASP.NET to Courses (#7571)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

### <a id="csharp"></a>C\#

> * [Building a microservice architecture with ASP.NET Core](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR53SKIUYPA&list=PL03Lrmd9CiGfgBmqFWeRxaUSQ_cSF_rCF&index=30) - Gill Cleeren (Youtube)

Reviewer: For youtube, we prefer "playlist" links and the name of the producer/creator. docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#platforms-and-access-notes

Reviewer 2: As requested by Eric...

```suggestion
* [Building a microservice architecture with ASP.NET Core - Gill Cleeren - NDC London 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR53SKIUYPA) - Gill Cleeren
```
